CUBEIA POKER SOURCE-CODE BASED INSTALLATION
===========================================


PREREQUISITES
=============

* Java SDK 1.7
* Maven 3.0.4 or higher


IMPORTANT
=========

Please follow this sequence strictly, otherwise you will run into a cascade of
problems. If you ask for support on the forum, please mention which steps
succeeded so far, and with which step you got the problem.

You will need half an hour for the first steps, but  some hours (or days) to
complete until the integration of Cubeia Network. Do yourself a favor and take
the 10 min. to read through all the README's first. You won't regret.

Finally: don't forget that Cubeia Poker is under development. This alone makes
things sometimes very difficult, especially when updating to newer versions.


BASICS
======

* Ensure that maven has enough memory reserved, otherwise you will possibly run
into annoying "java.lang.OutOfMemoryError: PermGen space". On linux just do:

export MAVEN_OPTS="-Xmx512m -XX:MaxPermSize=512m";

* Avoid using an IDE if you are not familiar with one, as this can introduce
additional barriers. Use the command-line and simple editors. Later, when you
feel safer with the sources, you can go on to use an IDE (eclipse, netbeans,
IntelliJ, etc.). 
 

STEPS
=====

* SERVER
Follow ./server/README in order to run the poker-server and play poker, ideally
within around 10 minutes.

* ADMIN
Follow ./backoffice/poker-admin/README to setup a web-application that manages
the poker-game (timings, tables, tournaments).

ADVANCED STEPS
==============

* FIREBASE

Firebase was fetched during the build. You can start the poker-server directly
by starting firebase from within

./server/game-modules/poker-uar/target/firebase-run/firebase-<version>-CE

This location (the "target" folder) is overwritten by a clean build (mvn clean).

Once your poker-system runs fine, you can copy the firebase folder to another
location. If your poker directory resides in e.g. mycubeia/poker, you could copy
firebase to mycubeia/firebase.

In this case, you either have to copy new versions of the poker-uar.uar into the
firebase/game/deploy directory, or you have to make a symbolic link. Remember to
verify the configuration files (new files or new configuration data).

* CLIENT
To start the client standalone follow ./client/web/README. If you want to try or
develop other clients, review the ./client/README.

* BOTS
Follow ./server/bot-modules/bot/README to start the Bots in standalone.

* DEPLOY TO TOMCAT

The Cubeia Network bundle contains a tomcat. You can use it to deploy your wars
there, namely the "poker-client.war" and the "poker-admin.war".

The process for war deployment is usually:

* copy (or symlink) the war to tomcat/webapps
* copy (or symlink) the relevant config files to tomcat/lib
* copy (or symlink) database deploy-files to relevant location

Start with the simpler poker-client. On success, you'll have it at:

http://localhost:8080/poker-client

Then go on with the poker-admin. On success, you'll have it at:

http://localhost:8080/poker-admin

If things fail, just fall-back to your command-line started versions.

* PRODUCTION SETUP

The above are the first steps towards a production installation, a complex task,
which is out of the scope of this document.

Note that at this point, there is not user registration available. This is be-
cause Cubeia has decided to not provide any public-facing websites / code.


COMMERCIAL SUPPORT
==================

Support for Production Setup and Integration is provided by Cubeia, usually in
context of commercial customer services.


REFERENCE SYSTEM
================

You can find a running instance at:

http://cubeiasocial.com
http://cubeiapoker.com


FULL REBUILD
============

After source code updates, to build all relevant sources in one pass, go to the
root directory (e.g. cubeia-poker) and execute

mvn clean package install -U

If you have integrated Cubeia Network, execute

mvn clean package install -U -P use-integrations

The "-U" flag ensures that dependencies are updated (important when sources are
under development).

You should be able to access the game at:

http://localhost:19999

There is no user registration at this point. Use any name, and the password
should be an integer > 1000.

In order to get some opponents, go to the bots at:

http://localhost:19090

The default values will create 100 bots, just press OK button.

You should see now within the lobby that tables are getting players. 

Join one or more tables and check the game.